About Us
The country's recognized leader and pioneer in High-tech education since 1981, continues its mission to offer the most in-demand courses wherein graduates are most in-demand today. To keep pace with the rapid advancement of technology, without sacrificing thorough training. The curriculum is geared to a world class excellence. Effective Training is achieved through personalized method of teaching in small-sized classes, with actual laboratory exercises and extensive hands-on practice, aided by high-tech audio - video devices and supplemented by scheduled on-the-job training

Our Institution
Promotes synergy and harmony in diversity. As a non-sectarian, co-ed institution, the school becomes a catalyst for complete academic exchanges and learning perspectives.

Our Curriculum
Is finely crafted by its dedicated faculty. Sharpening students to proficiency at their chosen courses, each curriculum is carefully designed to induce rigorous training supplemented by ingenious practical application through hands on experience turning each student a real expert.

Our Faculty
Are the most competent and seriously dedicatedin the academic progress of its students. Mastery of the subject and technical expertisein conjunction with ingenious practical applicationscenarios continously challenge its students into striving for proficiency and excellence in their chosen fields.

Our Students
Develop to their full potential. Completely supported by the school through its faculty and staff, the delivery of the total academic, co-curricular, and extra curricular activities make our students outshine all others by being proficient in their chosen fields and as a fully integrated professional capable of adapting to different real world scenarios.


MISSION
To educate its students by means of curriculum grounded on practical application and technological integration along side the philosophy of the total academic, co and extra curricular experiences. We strive to prepare competent graduates aimed at changing the nation through competency and values, fulfilling its duty to our faculty, employees, students and society as true educational institution.

VISION
To be the nation's premiere choice of school for tertiary level education and technical vocational training.